[ISSUE-6] adds config option to strip duplicate entries on non-table output formats (#23)
DDAZZA/renogen: README.md

| `changelog_path`     | The directory where the feature note files are stored. | `./change_log` | `./doc/src/changes` |
| `default_headings`   | The headings/group names that will be printed into a feature note file created by the `new` command. Ignored when there is a rule defined for the given file name. | `%w[Summary Detailed Tasks]` | `%w[Title Description Deployment]` |
| `allowed_values`     | Allowed values for default headings.  See [Allowed Values](#AllowedValues). | `{}` (none) |  |

> | `remove_duplicates`  | Remove duplicate items from output release notes. Not applicable in `csv` or `markdown_table` formats. | `false` | |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `remove_duplicates`  | Remove duplicate items from output release notes. Not applicable when using table formats (e.g`csv` or `markdown_table`). | `false` | |
```
